hello, everyone, my name is zhuangzipeng, and I graduated from university at 2018, and my major is computer science. And i have been working in the IT industry for eight years. I mainly work as a front-end developer. And i have eight years of reactjs project experience. i have data visualization
and low-code experience. I previously worked as a Frontend Developer at a software company focusing on big data and AI platforms.

when I work in this company, I took part in the development of multiple large-scale projects, including a visualization low-code platform, an ai E-commerce intelligence answer assistant, and a task schedueling system. The low-code visualization low-code platform is my most representive project. 
The platform was built as follows: I extended components based on libraries such as ECharts and DataV, built dynamic forms to configure via JSON Schema, and packaged components through a component factory before uploading them to the component library.
Fianlly users could drag and drop components on the canvas to edit pages, and finally build a large-screen visual applications according to their business demands.

I also serve as a little team leader at my current company. I oversee project development, distribute task to the team member, manage project progress, report risks in a timely manner, and track delivery schedules to ensure all projects are completed on time, 

I believe my background aligns well with the role’s requirements in both business domains and technical stacks.

That's all for my brief introduction.
