The low-code visualization low-code platform is my most representive project. An online digital
low-code visualization platform built on React and TypeScript and vite, users can create large screens visualization applications (large screens) through a graphical interface, without design experience or technical background.

This project is based on large-screen component libraries such as Echarts and DataV. It constructs dynamic form configure visual components through react-form-JSON Schema, packages them to be a umd
and upload them on cdn through a component production factory, generates platform-compatible versions, and uploads them to the component development list. Users can build large-screen applications by dragging and dropping components or editing the canvas. After preview and publish, through a cross-screen linkage solution based on the WebSocket protocol to break different terminal limitations’ data communication between big screen.

项目难点或者有遇到什么挑战

How to realize the dynamic form, I do some Solution Research, and finally use the react-json-schema-form to realize this function. And dynamic form will change when you change the json-schema. The left side is the encapsulated ECharts components, and the right side is the dynamic form configuration, when you change the form, the component will change.

When you customize many components, the project volume is very large, so you need to load the components when we need. Therefore, we package the components onto UMD, so that when we drag and 
drop the component we need, we can introduce it's js and css source to realize load when you need.

need to put the component in the corresponding folder, and write the webpack config, export in the src/index.js, setting the entry in webpack.config.js
and execute npm run build, and finally pack the component, and you can use it after upload.

Encapsulated and entend some visual components, use echarts to encapsulated some components such the world map or china map

and use websocket realize a solution to solve the cross-screen communication between big screen

还得讲个项目才行

the second project is an ai overseas E-commerce intelligence answer assistant. the project is base on the doubao big model's naive language understand and generate ability. and combined coze platform'slow-code, high flexible intellgence body to create a lightly intelligent answer assitant. it's core position is company and personal scenely intelligent interactive partern, aim to through
the low-code setting, to adapt multiple scene answer demand, to resolve the traditional anwers tool
disadvantage, such as setting complex, interation slow, to realize highly upgrade which answer passively to resolve active.

mutiple intent recognition, low-code setting center, visiualization process arrangement, 
condition branch setting

the challenge is my first time to use this platform, so i am not familiar with the 
workflow Orchestration 

third project is a logistics order platform which can provide seller place a express order.
and my Responsibility is develop express order's core path, from order to delivery to payment,
and I join this product's prototype's build and most ui interation, and through optimize customer's
experience, and ensure service's certainty, promote customer's dependence to this platform, through
science data tracking and deeply analyze, collect customer's usage status, Insight into potential business opportunities and product optimization directions, ensuring the stability of logistics business, and building a stable and ultimate experience in logistics business

use react hooks and typescript to develop
use mirco-front-end frame qiankun to combine Middle & Backend System.
use ahooks to manage keyboard and mouse event, support several operation way to batch choose invoice.
use multi-language-international-plugin to show every country's language.
setting multi-page-application start file need, such as webpack.base.js, webpack.dev.js and webpack.prod.js.
import eslint、prettier and husky to beautify and validate code
use nodejs + sequelize + mysql to develop backend management system.
familiar data tracking and update data, monitor some page's pv/uv 

为什么要出来看机会
The company's business has been reduced and there is not much room for promotion, so I want to find new opportunities outside

对公司有什么了解
I am working on a global financial project that requires communication with people from many countries

